feat(php): release 10.18 (#16384)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/php-agent/getting-started/php-agent-compatibility-requirements.mdx

                8.0 - 8.3
            </td>
            <td>

>                 [Just-In-Time compilation](https://php.watch/articles/jit-in-depth) is supported as of agent release 11.0. JIT is automatically disabled for any earlier versions of the PHP Agent.

Author: ```suggestion
                [Just-In-Time compilation](https://php.watch/articles/jit-in-depth) is supported as of agent release 10.18.0.8. PHP automatically disables JIT for any earlier versions of the PHP Agent.
```
